### Reflections on the R Dashboard

#### Strengths
Our R dashboard closely resembles our dashboard for [Altair](https://director-tracker-milestone3.herokuapp.com/). We have improved the layout with the description and instructions since milestone 2. The strengths of the dashboard include letting the users interact with the various directors for a given genre by first selecting the genre and then further refining the directors in the second dropdown menu. We kept the dashboard simple to make it more effective in highlighting the plots and filters available while still answering our research questions. The bar plot was chosen to show the relationship between the directors and the number of movies for users to identify potential directors. This plot answers our first research question on the most productive directors for a given genre. We chose to add a limit of 30 to avoid overplotting the chart. The line charts for "IMDB Ratings" and "Worldwide Profits" were chosen to show the different movies and their respective ratings and profits over time answering our research questions on what the profits and ratings are for one or more director(s). 

We added a dropdown menu for the selection of a director compared to our Altair version dashboard. This allows users to filter on directors for the rating and profit plots. The advantage of using a dropdown is we can set a specific director upon initial loading to avoid over plotting of the charts which would have all the directors. The disadvantage is that we removed the filtering from the bar chart which adds the extra step of users typing in the director in the dropdown menu. We would like to have both chart selection and dropdown menu filtering, but we were concerned that may overwhelm and confuse users as to the best way to filter. 

### Weaknesses / Future Improvements
There are still quite features we wish we could have added or refined if we had more time. Currently, our app is pretty slow in filtering and loading. We were unable to optimize speed in our code due to the timeframe we had to deploy this app. We brainstormed ways of speeding up our code such as rewriting plots to only filter one at a time, but we didn't have a solution we could implement in a week. 

### Feedback Changes since Milestone 3
We have been continuously implementing feedback to improve our app. Hossam commented about refining research questions as well as writing a description which we added to our proposal.md document. We also began to add more details to our commit messages to describe the tasks we improved. We took the cumulative feedback from all our milestones to refine the instructions of our app to make them user-friendly. 